Add blog post for sprint 106 SCM/CI integration (#323)
openSUSE/obs-landing: _posts/development/2021-11-09-scm-integration-documentation.md

category: development
---

We don't stop improving the integration between OBS and SCMs.  We heard your
feedback and created a section in our OBS user manual and redesigned the tokens
UI, among other improvements you can read below.

To start integrating OBS with SCMs, just join [the beta program](/2018/10/04/the-beta-program/).

{% include partials/_series-of-posts-about-scm-integration.md %}

# User Documentation for SCM/CI Workflow Integration

Since we started to implement the SCM/CI Workflow Integration beta feature, we
have been publishing a series of blog posts. Those posts contained the
instructions to configure and use the feature. After several publications, it
was hard to follow the instructions spread in so many pieces of information.

Now, we have gathered all these information pills and have presented them in a
more readable way by creating a new section in our OBS manual:
[SCM/CI Workflow Integration](http://$URL_DOCU)

Be aware that this is still a beta feature, so its documentation could change
in the future. Please, have a look and keep your feedback coming.

# Redesign of the Tokens UI

The Tokens UI has been redesigned. This UI has not only improved in terms of

> resposiveness. It also allows you to name your tokens to make it easier to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
responsiveness, but it also allows you to name your tokens in order to easily identify them.
```

identify them.

Futhermore, it also displays the last time each token was triggered.

<figure>
  <img src="/images/posts/.png" alt="List of tokens in the web UI" />
  <figcaption>List of tokens in the web UI</figcaption>
</figure>

<figure>
  <img src="/images/posts/.png" alt="Edit a token in the web UI" />
  <figcaption>Edit a token in the web UI</figcaption>
</figure>

> # ... and Much More

Reviewer: Starting a heading with dots is somewhat weird. How about we instead have:

```suggestion
# And Much More
```
